Landmark parser (#4201)
valhalla/valhalla: CHANGELOG.md

   * ADDED: `source_percent_along` & `target_percent_along` to /trace_attributes JSON response [#4199](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/pull/4199)
   * ADDED: sqlite database to store landmarks along with interfaces of insert and bounding box queries [#4189](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/pull/4189)
   * CHANGED: refactor landmark database interface to use a pimpl [#4202](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/pull/4202)

>    * ADDED: add landmark parser to parse POI from pbf files and store them as landmarks in landmark database [#4201](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/pull/4201)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ADDED: add `valhalla_build_landmarks` to parse POIs from osm pbfs and store them as landmarks in the landmark sqlite database [#4201](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla/pull/4201)
```
